run-a-node/da-client.md, before:

# DA Client

This document outlines the steps to setup your own DA client.

### Hardware Requirement

The following hardware specifications are recommended for running a DA client:

* RAM: 8 GB
* CPU: 2 cores
* Bandwidth: 100 MBps for Download / Upload

### Installation

1. Install dependencies

*   For Linux

    ```bash
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cmake 
    ```
*   For Mac

    ```bash
    brew install cmake
    ```

2. Install Go

* For Linux
  *   Download the Go installer

      ```bash
      wget https://go.dev/dl/go1.22.0.linux-amd64.tar.gz
      ```
  *   Extract the archive

      ```bash
      rm -rf /usr/local/go && tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.22.0.linux-amd64.tar.gz
      ```
  *   Add /usr/local/go/bin to the PATH environment variable by adding the following line to your \~/.profile.

      ```bash
      export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
      ```
*   For Mac

    ```
      Download the Go installer from [https://go.dev/dl/go1.22.0.darwin-amd64.pkg](https://go.dev/dl/go1.19.3.darwin-amd64.pkg).\
      Open the package file you downloaded and follow the prompts to install Go.
    ```

3.  Download the source code

    ```bash
    git clone -b v1.0.0-testnet https://github.com/0glabs/0g-da-client.git
    ```

### Configuration

| Field                                      | Description                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--chain.rpc`                              | JSON RPC node endpoint for the blockchain network.                 |
| `--chain.private-key`                      | Hex-encoded signer private key.                                    |
| `--chain.receipt-wait-rounds`              | Maximum retries to wait for transaction receipt.                   |
| `--chain.receipt-wait-interval`            | Interval between retries when waiting for transaction receipt.     |
| `--chain.gas-limit`                        | Transaction gas limit.                                             |
| `--combined-server.use-memory-db`          | Whether to use mem-db for blob storage.                            |
| `--combined-server.storage.kv-db-path`     | Path for level db.                                                 |
| `--combined-server.storage.time-to-expire` | Expiration duration for blobs in level db.                         |
| `--combined-server.log.level-file`         | File log level.                                                    |
| `--combined-server.log.level-std`          | Standard output log level.                                         |
| `--combined-server.log.path`               | Log file path.                                                     |
| `--disperser-server.grpc-port`             | Server listening port.                                             |
| `--disperser-server.retriever-address`     | GRPC host for retriever.                                           |
| `--batcher.da-entrance-contract`           | Hex-encoded da-entrance contract address.                          |
| `--batcher.da-signers-contract`            | Hex-encoded da-signers contract address.                           |
| `--batcher.finalizer-interval`             | Interval for finalizing operations.                                |
| `--batcher.finalized-block-count`          | Default number of blocks between finalized block and latest block. |
| `--batcher.confirmer-num`                  | Number of Confirmer threads.                                       |
| `--batcher.max-num-retries-for-sign`       | Number of retries before signing fails.                            |
| `--batcher.batch-size-limit`               | Maximum batch size in MiB.                                         |
| `--batcher.encoding-request-queue-size`    | Size of the encoding request queue.                                |
| `--batcher.encoding-interval`              | Interval between blob encoding requests.                           |
| `--batcher.pull-interval`                  | Interval for pulling from the encoded queue.                       |
| `--batcher.signing-interval`               | Interval between slice signing requests.                           |
| `--batcher.signed-pull-interval`           | Interval for pulling from the signed queue.                        |
| `--encoder-socket`                         | GRPC host of the encoder.                                          |
| `--encoding-timeout`                       | Total time to wait for a response from encoder.                    |
| `--signing-timeout`                        | Total time to wait for a response from signer.                     |

### Run

1.  Build combined server

    ```bash
    make build
    ```
2.  Run combined server

    Update the following command by referencing the [Configuration](da-client.md#section1)

    ```bash
    ./bin/combined \
        --chain.rpc L1_RPC_ENDPOINT \
        --chain.private-key YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY \
        --chain.receipt-wait-rounds 180 \
        --chain.receipt-wait-interval 1s \
        --chain.gas-limit 2000000 \
        --combined-server.use-memory-db \
        --combined-server.storage.kv-db-path ./../run/ \
        --combined-server.storage.time-to-expire 2592000 \
        --disperser-server.grpc-port 51001 \
        --batcher.da-entrance-contract ENTRANCE_CONTRACT_ADDR \
        --batcher.da-signers-contract 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000001000 \
        --batcher.finalizer-interval 20s \
        --batcher.confirmer-num 3 \
        --batcher.max-num-retries-for-sign 3 \
        --batcher.finalized-block-count 50 \
        --batcher.batch-size-limit 500 \
        --batcher.encoding-interval 3s \
        --batcher.encoding-request-queue-size 1 \
        --batcher.pull-interval 10s \
        --batcher.signing-interval 3s \
        --batcher.signed-pull-interval 20s \
        --encoder-socket DA_ENCODER_SERVER \
        --encoding-timeout 600s \
        --signing-timeout 600s \
        --chain-read-timeout 12s \
        --chain-write-timeout 13s \
        --combined-server.log.level-file trace \
        --combined-server.log.level-std trace \
        --combined-server.log.path ./../run/run.log
    ```

Commit message:

Add doc link to da retriever (#26)

run-a-node/da-client.md, after:

# DA Client

This document outlines the steps to setup your own DA client.

### Hardware Requirement

The following hardware specifications are recommended for running a DA client:

* RAM: 8 GB
* CPU: 2 cores
* Bandwidth: 100 MBps for Download / Upload

### Installation

1. Install dependencies

*   For Linux

    ```bash
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install cmake 
    ```
*   For Mac

    ```bash
    brew install cmake
    ```

2. Install Go

* For Linux
  *   Download the Go installer

      ```bash
      wget https://go.dev/dl/go1.22.0.linux-amd64.tar.gz
      ```
  *   Extract the archive

      ```bash
      rm -rf /usr/local/go && tar -C /usr/local -xzf go1.22.0.linux-amd64.tar.gz
      ```
  *   Add /usr/local/go/bin to the PATH environment variable by adding the following line to your \~/.profile.

      ```bash
      export PATH=$PATH:/usr/local/go/bin
      ```
*   For Mac

    ```
      Download the Go installer from [https://go.dev/dl/go1.22.0.darwin-amd64.pkg](https://go.dev/dl/go1.19.3.darwin-amd64.pkg).\
      Open the package file you downloaded and follow the prompts to install Go.
    ```

3.  Download the source code

    ```bash
    git clone -b v1.0.0-testnet https://github.com/0glabs/0g-da-client.git
    ```

### Configuration

| Field                                      | Description                                                        |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `--chain.rpc`                              | JSON RPC node endpoint for the blockchain network.                 |
| `--chain.private-key`                      | Hex-encoded signer private key.                                    |
| `--chain.receipt-wait-rounds`              | Maximum retries to wait for transaction receipt.                   |
| `--chain.receipt-wait-interval`            | Interval between retries when waiting for transaction receipt.     |
| `--chain.gas-limit`                        | Transaction gas limit.                                             |
| `--combined-server.use-memory-db`          | Whether to use mem-db for blob storage.                            |
| `--combined-server.storage.kv-db-path`     | Path for level db.                                                 |
| `--combined-server.storage.time-to-expire` | Expiration duration for blobs in level db.                         |
| `--combined-server.log.level-file`         | File log level.                                                    |
| `--combined-server.log.level-std`          | Standard output log level.                                         |
| `--combined-server.log.path`               | Log file path.                                                     |
| `--disperser-server.grpc-port`             | Server listening port.                                             |
| `--disperser-server.retriever-address`     | GRPC host for retriever.                                           |
| `--batcher.da-entrance-contract`           | Hex-encoded da-entrance contract address.                          |
| `--batcher.da-signers-contract`            | Hex-encoded da-signers contract address.                           |
| `--batcher.finalizer-interval`             | Interval for finalizing operations.                                |
| `--batcher.finalized-block-count`          | Default number of blocks between finalized block and latest block. |
| `--batcher.confirmer-num`                  | Number of Confirmer threads.                                       |
| `--batcher.max-num-retries-for-sign`       | Number of retries before signing fails.                            |
| `--batcher.batch-size-limit`               | Maximum batch size in MiB.                                         |
| `--batcher.encoding-request-queue-size`    | Size of the encoding request queue.                                |
| `--batcher.encoding-interval`              | Interval between blob encoding requests.                           |
| `--batcher.pull-interval`                  | Interval for pulling from the encoded queue.                       |
| `--batcher.signing-interval`               | Interval between slice signing requests.                           |
| `--batcher.signed-pull-interval`           | Interval for pulling from the signed queue.                        |
| `--encoder-socket`                         | GRPC host of the encoder.                                          |
| `--encoding-timeout`                       | Total time to wait for a response from encoder.                    |
| `--signing-timeout`                        | Total time to wait for a response from signer.                     |

### Run

1.  Build combined server

    ```bash
    make build
    ```
2.  Run combined server

    Update the following command by referencing the [Configuration](da-client.md#section1)

    ```bash
    ./bin/combined \
        --chain.rpc L1_RPC_ENDPOINT \
        --chain.private-key YOUR_PRIVATE_KEY \
        --chain.receipt-wait-rounds 180 \
        --chain.receipt-wait-interval 1s \
        --chain.gas-limit 2000000 \
        --combined-server.use-memory-db \
        --combined-server.storage.kv-db-path ./../run/ \
        --combined-server.storage.time-to-expire 2592000 \
        --disperser-server.grpc-port 51001 \
        --batcher.da-entrance-contract ENTRANCE_CONTRACT_ADDR \
        --batcher.da-signers-contract 0x0000000000000000000000000000000000001000 \
        --batcher.finalizer-interval 20s \
        --batcher.confirmer-num 3 \
        --batcher.max-num-retries-for-sign 3 \
        --batcher.finalized-block-count 50 \
        --batcher.batch-size-limit 500 \
        --batcher.encoding-interval 3s \
        --batcher.encoding-request-queue-size 1 \
        --batcher.pull-interval 10s \
        --batcher.signing-interval 3s \
        --batcher.signed-pull-interval 20s \
        --encoder-socket DA_ENCODER_SERVER \
        --encoding-timeout 300s \
        --signing-timeout 60s \
        --chain-read-timeout 12s \
        --chain-write-timeout 13s \
        --combined-server.log.level-file trace \
        --combined-server.log.level-std trace \
        --combined-server.log.path ./../run/run.log
    ```
    
### (Optional) Setup DA Retriever
If you want to use the retrieval feature of the DA client, you also need to set up the DA Retriever. Please refer to this [document](https://github.com/0glabs/0g-da-retriever) for more details.
